docs: add marketplace commands, capitalize Mia-Platform related terms (#98)
mia-platform/miactl: docs/40_examples.md

miactl context set paas-company --company-id <your-company-id>
```

> Create a Context for specific project bin a ompany on the cloud instance:

Author: ```suggestion
Create a Context for specific project in a Company on the cloud instance:
```
